4gwMenus demo 1.0 release noted					May, 21 1999

This demo is nothing else but the 4glWorks demo application with 4gwMenus
capabilities added to it. All of what you find in the 4gwdemo readme applies
to this application as well, with a couple of notable additions, which are
the only info you'll find here.

1) Application usage
First/Applications allows you to tailor the application, adding new menu
entries & data browsers.

The viewer functionality is straight forward, the only points wort nothing are
that, when adding/modifying applications

- Type is the type of whatever you enter, which comprises

M:  a piece of sql which is allowed to perform data maipulations
Q:  a piece of sql which will only return data
P:  is an external application whose output will be displaied in a data
    browser
Ex: an external application, to be executed in the background if x is B, or
    that need a user confirmation before continuing with 4gwMenus usage, if
    x is W.

- Menu is a menu chain which will allow you to execute the application.
  Note that names of hardwired or already used menus (except for the
  final name!) are allowed.

- Users is a list of users allowed to use the application. Public, as you
  would expect, means that the application is publicly available.

- Application is the actual text. This can be a piece of sql, with extended 
  commands, expansions and formats, exactly as for the Sql Interpreter, or
  any piece of shell scripting, awk, perl, whatever, but this time with
  expansions only

2) Scripter
This is a small sql interpreter with formatting capabilities, which takes
a piece of sql in the standard input, and outputs the results on the standard
output. Apart from demonstrating html formatting (use the -h switch, or the
-w width, to set the output width), this can be used to fire sql statements
in the background, after having made use of expansions from within 4gwMenus,
as you will see from one of the demo scripts included.
Note that html formatting is pretty basic and does not include appropriate
HTML headers & trailers (ie HTML & BODY tags, and the whole of the HEAD section)
This has been done so that page looks can be customized from outside scripter
using style sheets.

3) demo menu entries
In case you have not proceeded with the automatic tool compilation, run the 
following to create a few sample menus:

dbaccess fgedemo < 4gwmods/menusdemo/etc/menusdemo.sql

That's all, folks!
Marco Greco <marco@4glworks.com>
